New `otelcol.exporter.debug` component (#5867)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

> - Added `otelcol.exporter.debug` component based on `go.opentelemetry.io/collector/exporter/debugexporter`. (@BarunKGP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new `otelcol.exporter.debug` component based on OTel Collector's "debug" exporter`. (@BarunKGP)
```
